So, boy, look, don't get me wrong, okay?
My friend likes, guys, I've never broken an agreement.
As long as you remember.
Oh, my God, what happened?
You got mistaken as a werewolf when my client almost killed me.
That's so fucking dangerous.
Oh, your boss is insane.
Why would he let you take that case?
No, you don't badmouthe him.
He's the best boss in the world.
I'm so sorry I got caught up in work and I completely forgot.
The same time in the same place by tomorrow.
I, um, I got hurt.
Can we postpone our meeting for another week?
Thank you.
Um, who was that?
My mate is urging me to cut times.
Good.
You know, you need to break up with him as soon as possible.
So you can please stop thinking about him.
Do I?
I'll wash up a suit tomorrow.
Get back to when we meet again.
We'll be over by then.
Who is it?
It's getting late.
Where are you here?
I'm sorry for hurting you today.
But I've came across some new leads.
Would you like to check them out?